depending,conditional vagueness
necessary,conditional vagueness
appropriate,conditional vagueness
appropriately,conditional vagueness
inappropriate,conditional vagueness
if practical,conditional vagueness
as needed,conditional vagueness
as applicable,conditional vagueness
as appropriate,conditional vagueness
otherwise reasonably,conditional vagueness
sometimes,conditional vagueness
from time to time,conditional vagueness
generally,generality vagueness
general,generality vagueness
mostly,generality vagueness
widely,generality vagueness
commonly,generality vagueness
usually,generality vagueness
normally,generality vagueness
typically,generality vagueness
ordinarily,generality vagueness
customarily,generality vagueness
largely,generality vagueness
often,generality vagueness
reasonable,generality vagueness
several,generality vagueness
primarily,generality vagueness
etc,generality vagueness
among other things,generality vagueness
and so forth,generality vagueness
and so on,generality vagueness
more or less,generality vagueness
maximum,generality vagueness
maximize,generality vagueness
minimum,generality vagueness
minimize,generality vagueness
something,generality vagueness
somewhere,generality vagueness
never,generality vagueness
always,generality vagueness
periodically,generality vagueness
nearly,generality vagueness
approximately,generality vagueness
approximate,generality vagueness
almost,generality vagueness
close to,generality vagueness
normal,generality vagueness
may,modality vagueness
maybe,modality vagueness
might,modality vagueness
likely,modality vagueness
possible,modality vagueness
possibly,modality vagueness
whoever,modality vagueness
whenever,modality vagueness
wherever,modality vagueness
anyone,quantity vagueness
anybody,quantity vagueness
anything,quantity vagueness
everybody,quantity vagueness
everything,quantity vagueness
everyone,quantity vagueness
numerous,quantity vagueness
some,quantity vagueness
somewhat,quantity vagueness
most,quantity vagueness
few,quantity vagueness
much,quantity vagueness
many,quantity vagueness
various,quantity vagueness
large,quantity vagueness
big,quantity vagueness
small,quantity vagueness
robust, quantity vagueness
high,quantity vagueness
low,quantity vagueness
lower,quantity vagueness
higher,quantity vagueness
user-friendly,combinatory vagueness
friendly,combinatory vagueness
accurately,combinatory vagueness
efficiently,combinatory vagueness
easily,combinatory vagueness
accurate,combinatory vagueness
efficient,combinatory vagueness
easy,combinatory vagueness
proper,combinatory vagueness
properly,combinatory vagueness
excessively,combinatory vagueness
simple,combinatory vagueness
certain,combinatory vagueness
great,combinatory vagueness
greatly,combinatory vagueness
better,combinatory vagueness
worse, combinatory vagueness
good,combinatory vagueness
bad,combinatory vagueness
highly,combinatory vagueness
fast,combinatory vagueness
fastly,combinatory vagueness
poor,combinatory vagueness
poorly,combinatory vagueness
slow,combinatory vagueness
slowly,combinatory vagueness
wrong,combinatory vagueness
adequate,combinatory vagueness
adequately,combinatory vagueness
reliable,combinatory vagueness
reliably,combinatory vagueness
satisfactory,combinatory vagueness
clearly,combinatory vagueness
stable,combinatory vagueness
sufficient,combinatory vagueness
sufficiently,combinatory vagueness
improve,combinatory vagueness
quick,combinatory vagueness
quickly,combinatory vagueness